Migrate Documentation from Sphinx to MkDocs (#2289)
vacanza/holidays: docs/examples.md

```

## Working day-related calculations

To check if the specified date is a working day:

``` python
>>> us_holidays = holidays.US(years=2024)  # Weekends in the US are Saturday and Sunday.
>>> us_holidays.is_working_day("2024-01-01")  # Monday, New Year's Day.
False
>>> us_holidays.is_working_day("2024-01-02")  # Tuesday, ordinary day.
True
>>> us_holidays.is_working_day("2024-01-06")  # Saturday, ordinary day.
False
>>> us_holidays.is_working_day("2024-01-15")  # Monday, Martin Luther King Jr. Day.
False
```

To find the nth working day after the specified date:

``` python
>>> us_holidays.get_nth_working_day("2024-12-20", 5)
datetime.date(2024, 12, 30)
```

Here we calculate the 5th working day after December 20, 2024. Working
days are 23 (Mon), 24 (Tue), 26 (Thu), 27 (Fri), 30 (Mon); 21-22,
28-29 - weekends, 25 - Christmas Day.

To calculate the number or working days between two specified dates:

``` python
>>> us_holidays.get_working_days_count("2024-04-01", "2024-06-30")
63
```

Here we calculate the number of working days in Q2 2024.

## Getting the closest (next or previous) holiday

You can fetch next or previous holiday for a target date of your

> selected calendar. The function returns found holiday\'s date and name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
selected calendar. The function returns found holiday's date and name
```
